hello hockey fans well law stuff
happening in hockey day in Canada so far
the Ottawa Senators and when I think
Jack's game was absolutely boring I
don't know what happened to odd won that
game but they did not show up and in the
Toronto Montreal game patcher any claims
that grabovski bitter I watched a replay
of it and yes patch already is holding
his hand looking at his wrist and if you
look at the way he had his hand around
grabovski's head he was blocking both
his nose and his mouth so the guy
probably couldn't breathe so first of
all you're you're breathing hard from
the exertion of playing hockey then
there's a big scrum your brain breathing
hard for that as well it's a lot of
exertion there and all of a sudden this
guy blocks both your mouth and you knows
you can't breathe I know I bite him I
mean he was trying you can see him
trying to get his hands off of his mouth
and nose at one point it wasn't
happening so he pitched forward and
that's when you don't see whether or not
he got bitchy just all of a sudden see
patchy Eddie's hand come up and he's
looking at his wrist so yeah maybe he
did bite him I all never know watch the
highlights and judge for yourself so
let's hope that the next game is better
than this one because so far has been
pretty pathetic six nothing tomorrow
beats Montreal in Montreal so that was
pretty bad good for you Toronto because
if what you all would have one you would
have leapfrogged Ottawa this way I think
Toronto's ahead of ottawa now because
they have more wins I don't know how it
works exactly have to look at the
standings again so the one up but
needless to say Ottawa might drop the
fifth now Montreal drops to sixth and
that'll be that for the Eastern
Conference forget to watch my standings
video on Monday where I look at the
standings comparing week to week this
will be week three believe it or not
three weeks of hockey so far there's so
much hockey on right now it's hard to
the follower it's happening so fast so
if you want to see what's happening
check out my video on the standings
other than that
see you next time